README.md, before:

# Go Dino Run!

Go Dino Run is a terminal-based implementation of the famous 
[Chrome Dinosaur Game](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dinosaur_Game),
written in Go.

| ![demo](https://github.com/ahmad-alkadri/go-dinorun/assets/22837764/8b63aeba-97b8-4c5c-82ae-fd7d34c0b161) |
| --- |
| *A little bit of demo of the game, played on terminal* |

## Installation

You can install Go Dino Run using `go install` directly from GitHub or from a
cloned local repository.

### Install directly from GitHub

```sh
go install github.com/ahmad-alkadri/go-dinorun@latest
```

### Install from a cloned local repository

1. Clone the repository

```sh
git clone https://github.com/ahmad-alkadri/go-dinorun.git
```

2. Navigate to the project directory

```sh
cd go-dinorun
```

3. Install the game

```sh
go install
```

## Uninstallation

To uninstall Go Dino Run, you can remove the installed binary by simply:

```sh
rm -f $(which go-dinorun)
```

## How to Play

Go Dino Run is similar to the Chrome Dinosaur Game. 
The T-Rex will keep running,
and you need to avoid the cactuses by jumping over them.

- Open a terminal
- Run `go-dinorun` (make sure the installation's successful)
- Press the `space` button on your keyboard to jump.

Have fun and see how far you can run without hitting the obstacles!

---

## Future Plans

- Adding pteronodons (flying dinosaur)
- Adding local database to save some highest scores

Please do not hesitate to raise any issues if you have it, giving me
suggestions, or even contribute.

Enjoy the game!

Commit message:

Replaced the GIF game demo
Previous GIF game demo was recorded  using terminalizer.

Now replaced by using asciinema.

README.md, after:

# Go Dino Run!

Go Dino Run is a terminal-based implementation of the famous 
[Chrome Dinosaur Game](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dinosaur_Game),
written in Go.

| ![demo_dark](https://github.com/ahmad-alkadri/go-dinorun/assets/22837764/205a79c1-b214-44c7-a81e-bd8ddeb24214) |
| --- |
| *Game demo, played on terminal, recorded using [asciinema](https://github.com/asciinema)* |

## Installation

You can install Go Dino Run using `go install` directly from GitHub or from a
cloned local repository.

### Install directly from GitHub

```sh
go install github.com/ahmad-alkadri/go-dinorun@latest
```

### Install from a cloned local repository

1. Clone the repository

```sh
git clone https://github.com/ahmad-alkadri/go-dinorun.git
```

2. Navigate to the project directory

```sh
cd go-dinorun
```

3. Install the game

```sh
go install
```

## Uninstallation

To uninstall Go Dino Run, you can remove the installed binary by simply:

```sh
rm -f $(which go-dinorun)
```

## How to Play

Go Dino Run is similar to the Chrome Dinosaur Game. 
The T-Rex will keep running, and you need to avoid the cactuses and pteranodons
by jumping over or ducking below them.

- Open a terminal
- Run `go-dinorun` (make sure the installation's successful)
- Press the `space` button on your keyboard to jump.

Have fun and see how far you can run without hitting the obstacles!

---

## Future Plans

- ~~Adding pteronodons (flying dinosaur)~~
- Adding local database to save some highest scores

Please do not hesitate to raise any issues if you have it, giving me
suggestions, or even contribute.

Enjoy the game!
